Add Lookback (#39741)
demisto/content: Packs/GmailSingleUser/ReleaseNotes/1_4_13.md

#### Integrations

##### Gmail Single User

> - Fixed an issue where emails that arrived up to one minute late were missed during fetch. The fetch process now accounts for slight delays and ensures such emails are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where emails arriving up to one minute late were missed during the ***fetch-incidents*** command. We now use the look-back mechanism to ensure all such emails are included.
```
